Clarify support of Podman (8.x docs) (#43863)
elastic/beats: metricbeat/docs/modules/docker.asciidoc

edition engine, versions 1.11 and 17.09.0-ce. It is not tested on Windows,
but it should also work there.

> The Docker module supports collection of metrics from Podman's Docker-compatible API on Metricbeat 8.16.2 and 8.17.1 or more recent.

Author: ```suggestion
The Docker module supports collection of metrics from Podman's Docker-compatible API on Metricbeat 8.16.2 and 8.17.1, and more recent versions.
```

> The Docker module supports collection of metrics from Podman's Docker-compatible API on Metricbeat 8.16.2 and 8.17.1, and more recent versions.

Author: ```suggestion
The Docker module supports collection of metrics from Podman's Docker-compatible API on Metricbeat 8.16.2 and 8.17.1, and higher versions.
```
